*: add more doc for slow log (#3886)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

# System Variables

TiDB system variables behave similar to MySQL with some differences, in that settings might apply on a `SESSION`, `INSTANCE`, or `GLOBAL` scope, or on a scope that combines `SESSION`, `INSTANCE`, or `GLOBAL`.

> - Changes to `GLOBAL` scoped variables **only apply to new connection sessions with TiDB**. Currently active connection sessions are not affected. These changes are persisted across restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes to `GLOBAL` scoped variables **only apply to new connection sessions with TiDB**. Currently active connection sessions are not affected. These changes are persisted and valid after restarts.
```

SET tidb_slow_log_threshold = 200;
```

### tidb_enable_collect_execution_info

- Scope: INSTANCE
- Default value: 1
- This variable controls whether to record the execution information of each operator in the slow query log.

### tidb_log_desensitization

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: 0

> - This variable controls whether to mask user information in the SQL statement being recorded into the TiDB log and slow log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to hide user information in the SQL statement being recorded into the TiDB log and slow log.
```

> - When the variable is set to `1`, user information is masked. For example, if the executed SQL statement is `insert into t values (1,2)`, the statement is recorded as `insert into t values (?,?)` in the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you set the variable to `1`, user information is hidden. For example, if the executed SQL statement is `insert into t values (1,2)`, the statement is recorded as `insert into t values (?,?)` in the log.
```
